What do you mean?
What this bitch
It's the trash that spent three years in a drunk bath
Somehow it got into the eyes of the Su family
This unlucky thing
In front of you
This is simply an insult to you.
Yeah, he's not just a labor prisoner
Or the cost of eating Su's warm rice
What did you shoot today?
It is estimated that it is all Sujia soup
Shameless
Bah, it's disgusting to see you
you
The dignified Miss Su family posted an old replay upside down
What a waste of time
Guo Jing, I'm warning you for the last time
If you dare to have half a sentence of love again, you can't help it
I told you to keep your mouth shut forever
Come
Take these rubbish down
Wake up, I told you a long time ago
Stay away from this bad thing
Is it okay now?
Getting burned offended Mr. Shen
I see after this?
A position that is difficult to recover
Give our Zhao family a seat too
It's beautiful what you think
Still wise
Trash like this should trample him to death
You typed the wrong person.
Poison let me go
How dare you disrespect Young Master Xu?
Somebody hit him in the face.